# Integrating with Backend Framework

If you want to integrate this template with an existing backend framework, edit `config/path.js` to directly generate front-end assets into your backend project.

Let's take a look at the default `config/path.js`:

``` js
var path = require('path')

module.exports = {
  // ...

  asset: {
    index: path.join(src, 'index.html'),
    favicon: path.join(src, 'asset/favicon.png'),
    static: './static',
  },
  proxy: {},
  output: {
    static: '/asset',
    path: process.env.NODE_ENV === 'production' ? 'dist/' : '/',
    index: 'index.html',
    stats: path.join(root, 'webpack-stats.json'),
    asset: path.join(root, 'dist/asset'),
    getAssetPosixPath(subpath) {
      return path.posix.join('asset', subpath);
    },
  },

  // ...
}
```

Inside the `asset` section, we have the following options:

### `asset.index`

> Must be an absolute path on your local file system.

This is where the `index.html` (with injected asset URLs) will be generated.

If you are using this template with a backend-framework, you can edit `index.html` accordingly and point this path to a view file rendered by your backend app, e.g. `app/views/layouts/application.html.erb` for a Rails app, or `resources/views/index.blade.php` for a Laravel app.

### `asset.favicon`

> Must be an absolute path on your local file system.

This should point to the location of the favicon. This will be used to generate all available favicon for your application.

### `asset.static`

> Relative location from root of project to asset folder.

This is where all non webpack asset processed files sit.

### `output.static`

> Must be an absolute path on your local file system.

This should point to the root directory that contains all the static assets for your app. For example, `public/` for both Rails/Laravel.


### `output.asset`
This directory will be cleaned before each build, so it should only contain assets generated by the build.

Files inside `static/` will be copied into this directory as-is during build. This means if you change this prefix, all your absolute URLs referencing files in `static/` will also need to be changed. See [Handling Static Assets](assets.md) for more details.

### `output.public`

This should be the URL path where your `output.path` will be served from over HTTP. In most cases, this will be root (`/`). Only change this if your backend framework serves static assets with a path prefix. Internally, this is passed to Webpack as `output.public`.
